# Feedback

* We received a lot of great feedback during discussion about our UI/UX. At a high level, a lot of our features are not very intuitive and it is particularly difficult to understand how to create a game

* First, the location of tiles and components are very confusing. They run on different coordinate systems (the Tile index for the tile's location, so a number from 1-10 if it is a 10x10 grid, and the position of the mouse in the scene in pixels for components). This takes a long time to figure out and isn't very intuitive. Further, the user basically has no idea what a pixel location means. A number like 204,350 means very little to the user. Perhaps we can have a hover when the mouse is over the grid in author mode, or a location box in the corner of the screen to indicate to the user where each location is on the screen. 
* Also, is it annyoing that when creating a new game, the user really has to create every single tile to get a game functional. Once we get "load from template working", this problem we solved as users can just load a barebones game that would work and that the user can edit. Alternatively, maybe we could make so that multiple tiles can be changed at the same time.
* The settings button is also a bit confusing and hidden away. Maybe we can change the image or make it a different location to emphasize it a bit more.
* In general, maybe via rules after the splash clear, text when the user hovers over something, etc. there should be some explanation as how one should actually go about editing the game. Also, perhaps we should make a glossary of what certain terms mean.